 * Opened PR for HLRC ML Start datafeed https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/33898
    * The silly bug from yesterday took 1.5 hours of my life yesterday. I figured it out right before I shut off for the day. Confirmed the fix today.
    * Turns out, that when you have an Index mapping referencing a specific field but are not pushing data with that field through to a datafeed, it is not recognized and it is just ignored. I suppose somedays are just like that, hours spent figuring out a simple little syntax error:|
 * Code complete for HLRC ML Stop datafeed, need to wait until the start feed PR is merged before this PR can be opened
 * Corrected minor test failure due to bad randomization https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/33918
    * For some reason (I honestly don't remember) I made the random string length to depend on the current loop `i`. So, on the first iteration, a node name only had 48 different choices. This means the second node calling the same random function had a 1/48 chance to get the same name. Thats a way too high probability of having the same node name in the test. Consequently, our randomized testing framework found the failure pretty quickly 🤦
 * Wrote some various emails that I needed to get done in the last couple of days
 * More performance investigations around ML job run times.
 * Some fun investigation around an ECG dataset and our anomaly detection
    * This is an interesting use case as simple anomaly detection does not seem to be the route most people go. The patterns for an ECG do seem a bit more nuanced than strict data logs. As typical, other folks I have found have used an NN to label the data. I do think there may be some interesting use cases around clustering, outliers, etc. instead of utilizing strict supervised learning. Will have to play around with it some more to see if I can tweak our hyperparameters to get OK results.
